every morning you to push your boys r I
agree do a quick lock video for you um
so I it's just clock in the morning and
i'm watching cake boss and i'm also
getting ready for i have a TV my band
has a TV interview today really excited
very good to play a few bones but i got
something in the mail from one of my
fraternity brothers from in the really
really good friend of my name is al
shoutout to brother homes from New
Orleans all your business out there huh
anyway I don't know if you need you have
ever seen my video the wave cap won't
stay on blue so like that you got it you
got to go back a little bit um basically
i was going to sleep with a wave kappa
on my locks and wouldn't stay it would
stay on so it's funny how things work I
got a message from a larry lie 88 I
believe I'm thinking was for him I don't
remember and it was just promoting the
drink app and that same day my Fuhrer
was like hey man you heard about the
jury cap I was like what ok so anyway oh
I which email box and it was a package
for me from dread cat through my fiber
the hell and get the drag chat man it's
pretty cool um really nice nice material
it's a
gathered up a little bit other sides
since okay and I got the little
description of the different Drake have
fab they have a I guess the crinkle cap
here and listen on a sports cap one to
two anyway there is also a sad night
captain you ladies right here she live
lovely notion anyway so I've needed
something kind of cool you know to wear
on my head so this man I would this all
day yesterday um and I worked out
yesterday and if stay on the entire time
and I have to get ready for this show me
for this interview sorry we do and I
don't use my whole head I'm just redoing
the showroom and in the bank in that
kitchen will do that too least I can put
this on properly for you guys it's
really really cool so I just take my
hair finally got no Hank I'll hang time
you know saying so I could do you know
you okay
we added probably probably either way to
do it but I better grab my hair in a
ponytail now my duties hair this thing
this is redcap I think it's really made
for people medicine since in the
description people with shoulder-length
locks so you don't have suddenly locks
just waiting a while wait a while like
Janet Jackson saying and what song okay
i'm flowey down wait I got it all you
know what I my head backwards but you
understand now I don't wear it all the
way down now where I'm one like this and
I went running and you can also take the
to the length of your locks you see he
keeps your hair keeps let out of here
when you're sleeping at night and it's
really light and airy and rich airy I
guess it's you know saying a lot of
dilation like you you don't sweat and
it's cool you can wash it you can dry it
so that's uh that's the dread cap and it
feels real good anyway well I want to
show you guys that hope you can see me
it's just o'clock in the morning I woke
up thank God wake me out this morning
woke up and
I'm going to do the vitamin shake on
vitamin shake them tickle is this was
aloe vera gel retwist the front of my
ear two rows back and reduce the size in
the back and call it a day but I put it
up in my mouth to do it will make a
video and show you how the monster do
alright so yeah I hope this will be
legendary one day it's my tie if not he
dasn't ok this is encrusted for us
frosty Christmas play a little cold
y'all pranks on the boy anyway well I'm
gonna get done I gotta go to work anyway
love you guys this one to the child to
Larry line of AAA and shout out to dre
Capcom is awesome I recommend to anyone
who has hair my length maybe a little
bit shorter and it definitely longer
this thing is amazing I've only used it
for a few days I can't with keeps to
start using it in the cool thing about
it you know I think think that's better
it's better than a do-rag because you
can actually wear it out and it looks
like a really cool head covering which
is really really important to me because
you know i like i like cover my hand
when I can so Larry Erica and associates
big up to y'all Drake captors are cooler
and like I recommend singular and I'm
not doing this because I'm being being
paid you got no idea you buddy cool the
letter they keep inside it that's nice
all right y'all take it easy have a good
weekend I love him purge